[DOCS-1054] Prefer "W&B" over "Weights & Biases" in most situations (#1488)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/integrations/spacy.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

> When training begins, a link to your training run's [W&B page]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/" >}}) will be output which will take you to this run's experiment tracking [dashboard]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/workspaces.md" >}}) in the W&B web UI.

Author: ```suggestion
When training begins, a link to your training run's [W&B page]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/runs/" >}}) will be output which will take you to this run's experiment tracking [dashboard]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/workspaces.md" >}}) in the W&B AppI.
```
We prefer "W&B App" over "W&B web UI", "W&B App UI", or other variants.
